INCLUDE ANSWERS IN HERE

1. What is the purpose of SystemC?
	Model systems with an event driven interface

2. What does macro SC_MODULE do from user perspective?
	Defines a class that is inherited from sc_module

3. What does macro SC_CTOR do from user perspective?
	Creates a constructor for class, tells when to call member functions

4. What is the difference between SC_THREAD, SC_METHOD, and SC_CTHREAD?
	SC_METHOD : consumes no time, cannot use wait()
	SC_THREAD : has its own thread of execution, can consume time
	SC_CTHREAD : same as SC_THREAD except sensitivity can only be to clock edge event

5. Original model does not specify implementation for c1, c2, and v1.
What was implementation of channels and the variable in this exercise?
	c1, c2 : sc_fifo of length 5
	v1 : value1 that is an array of 2 

6. What does the file test_bench.cpp do?
	Defines processes for test bench

7. What is the purpose of the application GTKWave?
	Graphical viewer for waveforms, useful for debugging
	
8. In this exercise, memory was merely used as an external storage. However, in practical computing
the memory is likely used directly by CPU as in caches and DDR. Why speed of these is important?
	Memory is often the bottleneck in programs
	
9. In this exercise, we had the option of directly affecting the memory speed.
Why this may be difficult on real platforms?
	Memories are mostly already run at their maximum speed

10. What the was the final performance of your system? Answer this BEFORE the bonus section!
	140 ns to run the program

11. What was hard? What was easy?
	Learning SystemC was hard, instructions were easy to follow

12. Fill the used hours below, including answering questions and any downtime:

	GROUP MEMBER 1: 252844: 5h
	GROUP MEMBER 2: 274301: 5h
	
***BONUS SECTION ANSWERS***

13. What components did you choose? What was the price? What was the performance?
	Keravan Naata for process P4, Rauman Avain for P1, Espresso for bus. Execution time 154ns, cost 130

14. Following setup is used for streaming 4K video:
4K monitor <- HDMI 1.3 <- PC <- 5 Mbps internet <- Content service
What is wrong with the setup? Hint: Search answers from articles and specifications if you do not know.
	HDMI 1.3 supports max 2560x1440 resolution, Amazon recommends 15Mbps, Netflix 25Mbps for 4k content
	-> High resolution monitor is useless
